= flatten2

This plugin provides Array#flatten2, my own implementation of the standard #flatten method.

= Instructions

Though you probably don't need it, I'll walk through how to test this just to make things easy.

First you need to clone the git repo:

  git clone git://github.com/mr-demos/flatten2.git

If you don't have git installed, you can also download the source code as a ZIP or TAR file using the "Download Source" button on the Github page at http://github.com/mr-demos/flatten2/tree/

To make sure your local copy is working correctly, cd into the new flatten2 directory and run "rake spec".  All tests should pass.

At this point you have the code to read (see the "Files of interest" section below), and you've confirmed that it's working.  If you'd also like to use the Array#flatten2 method in irb or a Ruby script, you'll have to install the gem.  You can do this by running "sudo rake install" from inside the flatten2 directory.

After installing the gem, you just have to run this code to make the Array#flatten2 available:

  require 'rubygems'
  gem 'flatten2'
  require 'flatten2'

= Example Usage

  # flatten2_example.rb
  require 'rubygems'
  gem 'flatten2'
  require 'flatten2'

  empty = []
  puts empty.flatten2.inspect          # => []
  
  flat = [1, 2, 3, 4]
  puts flat.flatten2.inspect           # => [1, 2, 3, 4]

  shallow_nested = [1, [2, 3], 4]
  puts shallow_nested.flatten2.inspect # => [1, 2, 3, 4]

  deeper_nested = [1, [2, [3, [4, []], []]], [5, [6]]]
  puts deeper_nested.flatten2.inspect  # => [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]

= Files of interest

For the sake of reviewing the code, the main file you'll care about is lib/flatten2/array.rb.  This provides the Flatten2::Array module, which is included into Array (by the lib/flatten2.rb file), which provides the #flatten2 method to Array.

You can find the spec tests for #flatten2 in spec/flatten2/array_spec.rb

Please let me know if you have any questions about the code.

= Contact Info

mroyal@gmail.com

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Matt Royal. See LICENSE for details.
